ANYbotics logo
Frontend Engineer
Zurich, SwitzerlandSoftware R&D – Interfaces & Data /Full Time /Remote
ANYbotics is a fast-growing tech company dedicated to shaping the future of mobile robotics across multiple industries. Join our highly talented and motivated team of more than 130 people and work on cutting-edge robot technology.

The Opportunity

We are seeking a Remote Frontend (+Angular) Engineer to join our dynamic software engineering team and help us build the next generation of our web user interface. Working closely with our UX designers and keeping the end-user experience in mind, you will create a seamless and intuitive user interface for our customers to control, configure, and harness the data collected by our robots (See it in action here!). Given the crucial role of ease-of-use in product acceptance and integration, your contribution strongly influences the company's success.

We constantly come up with new ways to optimise the performance and skills of our robots, allowing customers to gain valuable insights into their facilities and processes as easily and efficiently as possible. With your technical expertise, you actively contribute to making our robots smarter, more robust, and more user-friendly.


About 

ANYbotics transforms industrial plants in the (renewable) energy, process, and utility sector by introducing robotics to a wide range of novel applications that so far were beyond reach. Our mobile robot ANYmal uses legs for extreme mobility in complex environments, camera- and LIDAR-based sensing for full autonomy and obstacle avoidance, to perform jobs and deliver high-quality, consistent inspection results. We develop numerous customized hardware systems, including the entire robotic platform, actuators, sensors, inspection payloads, charging systems, and all related ANYbotics electrical hardware.

Remote Collaboration: We're confident that this crucial and thrilling work can be effectively done remotely, and our experienced team has successfully conducted large-scale remote development.To ensure your connection to the company, team, and product, we've integrated remote friendly practices into our culture and development approach, as well as  periodic co-location (physical visits) to connect with your colleagues and get familiar with the robot.

Our Stack

- Angular v17 PWA with Angular Material & RxJS
- HTML, SCSS, TypeScript
- Nx
- Jest & Cypress
- Storybook
- Babylon.js

Your Contributions
Develop and maintain efficient and  user-friendly web-based interfaces using Angular, Angular Material and related technologies.
Create and implement  elegant workflows that enhance the overall user experience.
Collaborate with UX designers to transform design concepts into functional, responsive web interfaces.
Implement and optimise data visualisation, real-time updates, and interactive components to streamline user interactions.
Collaborate with backend engineers to integrate APIs and ensure smooth data flow between the front-end and back-end components.
Conduct code reviews, testing, and troubleshooting to maintain code quality and identify and resolve issues promptly.
Stay updated on the latest industry trends and technologies, recommending improvements and best practices to enhance our products.
Improving and maintaining the existing software stack (i.e. direct contributions to CI/CD, tools)
Participation in planning, organisation and tracking of personal and team objectives and tasks
Writing testable code and writing precise and effective software documentation
Be an example to the company for the feasibility of well-executed remote work
Your Profile
Engineering or science degree with a focus on computer science
Proven recent experience as a front end developer with expertise in Angular 2+ (we are currently on v17) 
Strong understanding of web-development, software engineering best practices and UI/UX principles
Write clean, maintainable, well structured and efficient code
Diligent way of working and a keen eye for details
Experience with unit testing and integration testing
Ability to coordinate with backend services and API (ROS & gRPC is a plus)
Excellent communication skills in English
Strong in self-coordination, able to structure your work independently and deliver results
Experience with Git and CI/CD pipeline (Gitlab)
Willing to travel ca. 2-3 weeks per year to co-locate with ANYbotics team members and users
Bonus Points
Bonus: Experience with video/data streaming and associated protocols (e.g. WebRTC)
Bonus: Some experience with computer vision to recognize good models from partners
Bonus: knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes
Bonus: Babylon.js
We offer you a very exciting and dynamic work environment, the opportunity to become part of a fast-growing company and an ambitious team that is on a mission to change the industrial inspection market, a chance to leverage your experience and bring in your own ideas, a fair market salary, an attractive employee stock ownership plan, and a job in the city of Zurich.
ANYbotics Home Page

Jobs powered byLever logo